# Product updates, July 2025

This release is mainly about making the EPDs generated by EandoX compliant with _PCR2.0.1._ The EPD module has been updated as described below:

## Updated C2 calculations

C2 is now calculated according to the _PCR 2.0.1_ standard, i.e. uses different distances depending on whether the different materials go to incineration or not. 80 km is considered for materials not to be incinerated and 130 km is considered for materials to be incinerated.

## Added C1 calculations

There is now an option to select a demolition scenario for an EPD. There are three different options depending on the main materials in the product. The three different scenarios consider different amounts of diesel being used. This impact is added in C1 in the results.

## Improved handling of losses in A3 and A5

In the new version of the PCR it was clarified that all impacts connected to losses should appear in the module where it occurs. This means that waste being produced in **A3** will also be waste treated in **A3**. So in module **A3** the production of the material being wasted is allocated, as well as the upstream and downstream transport of this waste, together with the end of life treatment of the waste. The same goes for **A5**, so when product waste is generated in A5 both the extra raw material production, transport and waste treatment is added to **A5**.

## Added new tables required by PCR2.0.1 standard

To be compliant with the _PCR2.0.1_ standard a number of new tables have been added to the EPD.

- **Datasource declaration table**: listing each datasource and how much of the data in the source that is primary vs generic.
  100% EOL Scenario Impact performance: One extra set of results tables only showing **C2**, **C3**, **C4** and **D** for three different EOL scenarios representing 100% landfill, 100% incineration and 100% recycling.
- **Impact Variation table**: Shows how much impact indicators vary between the products included in the EPD. The table shows the min and max compared to the average value in percentages.

In addition to these tables other tables required by _EN15804_ were added:

- **A4 transport table**: Listing the data used to calculate **A4**.
- **A5 installation table**: Listing the installation scenarios used in the EPD and breaks down the waste handling of the installation process.
- **C1-C4 EOL table**: Breaks down the waste handling scenarios used when calculating **C1**-**C4**.
- **Information on Biogenic Carbon content**: A table listing the biogenic carbon content in the product and packaging respectively.

## Updates to the EPD template

The EPD template has been updated visually and in terms of content with clearer copy, more abbreviations and other smaller tweaks. Mostly more documentation fields have been added and the new structure of heading as requested by the PCR have been implemented.
