---
layout: false
search: false
---

<script setup>
import { ref, onMounted } from 'vue'
import { useData } from 'vitepress'
import MinidocStyles from '../MinidocStyles.vue'
const { site, frontmatter } = useData()

const entityName = ref('')
const articleName = ref('')

onMounted(() => {
  const params = new URLSearchParams(window.location.search);
  entityName.value = params.get('entity') || 'product';
  articleName.value = params.get('article') || null;

  if (articleName.value) {
    articleName.value = decodeURIComponent(articleName.value);
  }
});
</script>

<MinidocStyles />

## Factory properties and comparisons

This panel shows the properties of the selected factory.

## Fields

Some of the fields are read-only, and some are editable. The read-only fields represent data that comes from the linked factory. The editable fields are stored as part of the {{entityName}} you are currently editing<span v-if="articleName"> ("**{{articleName}}**" in this instance)</span>.

| Name | Description |
| --- | --- |
| Division | How much of the {{entityName}}<span v-if="articleName">&nbsp;("**{{articleName}}**")</span> that was produced in this factory. |
| Location | Where the factory is located. |
| GWP total | The total global warming potential generated by the factory during the manufacturing of a single unit of the {{entityName}}<span v-if="articleName">&nbsp;("**{{articleName}}**")</span>. |

:::warning The data is scoped
The editable fields are **not** global, and will only be saved on the {{entityName}}<span v-if="articleName">&nbsp;("**{{articleName}}**")</span>. This allows you to use the same factory in multiple entities, but have its impact be tracked based on the relevant manufacturing process.
:::

## Impact graph

At the bottom of the panel, you will see an environmental impact graph for the factory. This graph is interactive, and can show data for multiple different impact categories.

## Comparing factories
In some cases, you may want to compare the current factory with an alternative one. This can be helpful if you're unsure if you've selected the correct factory for your product.

### Adding a factory to the comparison
To compare factories, click the `Compare` button in the top right corner of the panel. This will open a sidepanel listing all the factories in your catalog.

Select the factory you want to compare with and click the `Add factory` button. The selected factory's properties will appear in the sidepanel, and its data will be displayed in the impact graph at the bottom.

### Removing a factory from comparison
You can remove a factory from the comparison by clicking the `Remove` button above the top right corner of the factory's properties.

### Replacing the current factory with an alternative one
To replace the currently linked factory with one in the comparison, check the radio button next to its name, and then click the `Use selected` button in the top right corner of the sidepanel.